README.md, before:

# Algorithms and Data structures

## Following stuff is already implemented:

### Math algorithms
1. Long arithmetic [(cp-algorithms)](https://cp-algorithms.com/algebra/big-integer.html)

### Sorting algorithms
#### Sortings with _O(n²)_ average-case perfomance
1. Insertion sort [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insertion_sort)
2. Selection sort [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Selection_sort)
3. Bubble sort [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bubble_sort)

#### Sortings with _O(n ∙ log(n))_ average-case perfomance
1. Merge sort [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merge_sort)
2. Quick sort [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quicksort)

#### Non-comparative sorting algorithms

#### Other algorithms related to sortings
1. Quickselect *(selection algorithm)* [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quickselect)
2. Quickselect with _O(n)_ worst-case complexity. Uses Median of medians [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Median_of_medians)

### Heaps:
1. Binary heap [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_heap)
2. Binomial heap [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binomial_heap)
3. Pairing heap [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pairing_heap)
4. Leftist heap [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leftist_tree)
5. Skew heap [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skew_heap)

### Search Trees:
1. van Emde Boas tree [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Van_Emde_Boas_tree)
2. Splay Tree [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Splay_tree)
3. AVL Tree [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AVL_tree)
4. B-tree [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B-tree)

### Data Structures for RMQ and similar problems:
1. Disjoint Sparse Table [(codechef)](https://discuss.codechef.com/t/tutorial-disjoint-sparse-table/17404)

### Algorithms on graphs:
1. Topological sort [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Topological_sorting)

#### Shortest paths:
1. Dijkstra's algorithm [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dijkstra%27s_algorithm)
2. Bellman-Ford algorithm [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bellman–Ford_algorithm)
3. 0-1 BFS [(cp-algorithms)](https://cp-algorithms.com/graph/01_bfs.html)
4. 1-k BFS [(lksh)](https://archive.lksh.ru/2018/august/B'/notes/07.pdf)
5. Dial's algorithm (1-k BFS) [(codeforces)](https://codeforces.com/blog/entry/88408?locale=en)

### Other data structures:
1. Persistent stack
2. Queue with minimum 
3. Hashed array tree [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hashed_array_tree)
4. Dynamic array with _Θ(1)_ _push_back_ complexity (no _O(n)_ worst-case)

### Other algorithms
1. Longest increasing subsequence [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longest_increasing_subsequence)
2. Longest common subsequence [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longest_common_subsequence_problem)

Commit message:

Counting the number of triangles in a graph

README.md, after:

# Algorithms and Data structures

## Following stuff is already implemented:

### Math algorithms
1. Long arithmetic [(cp-algorithms)](https://cp-algorithms.com/algebra/big-integer.html)

### Sorting algorithms
#### Sortings with _O(n²)_ average-case perfomance
1. Insertion sort [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insertion_sort)
2. Selection sort [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Selection_sort)
3. Bubble sort [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bubble_sort)

#### Sortings with _O(n ∙ log(n))_ average-case perfomance
1. Merge sort [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Merge_sort)
2. Quick sort [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quicksort)

#### Non-comparative sorting algorithms

#### Other algorithms related to sortings
1. Quickselect *(selection algorithm)* [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quickselect)
2. Quickselect with _O(n)_ worst-case complexity. Uses Median of medians [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Median_of_medians)

### Heaps:
1. Binary heap [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binary_heap)
2. Binomial heap [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binomial_heap)
3. Pairing heap [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pairing_heap)
4. Leftist heap [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leftist_tree)
5. Skew heap [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Skew_heap)

### Search Trees:
1. van Emde Boas tree [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Van_Emde_Boas_tree)
2. Splay Tree [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Splay_tree)
3. AVL Tree [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AVL_tree)
4. B-tree [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B-tree)

### Data Structures for RMQ and similar problems:
1. Disjoint Sparse Table [(codechef)](https://discuss.codechef.com/t/tutorial-disjoint-sparse-table/17404)

### Algorithms on graphs:
1. Topological sort [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Topological_sorting)
2. Counting the number of triangles in a graph [(cs.stanford.edu)](https://cs.stanford.edu/~rishig/courses/ref/l1.pdf)

#### Shortest paths:
1. Dijkstra's algorithm [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dijkstra%27s_algorithm)
2. Bellman-Ford algorithm [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bellman–Ford_algorithm)
3. 0-1 BFS [(cp-algorithms)](https://cp-algorithms.com/graph/01_bfs.html)
4. 1-k BFS [(lksh)](https://archive.lksh.ru/2018/august/B'/notes/07.pdf)
5. Dial's algorithm (1-k BFS) [(codeforces)](https://codeforces.com/blog/entry/88408?locale=en)

### Other data structures:
1. Persistent stack
2. Queue with minimum 
3. Hashed array tree [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hashed_array_tree)
4. Dynamic array with _Θ(1)_ _push_back_ complexity (no _O(n)_ worst-case)

### Other algorithms
1. Longest increasing subsequence [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longest_increasing_subsequence)
2. Longest common subsequence [(wiki)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longest_common_subsequence_problem)
